go_gc_cycles_automatic_gc_cycles_total
counter
Count of completed GC cycles generated by the Go runtime. Sourced from /gc/cycles/automatic:gc-cycles.
go_gc_cycles_forced_gc_cycles_total
counter
Count of completed GC cycles forced by the application. Sourced from /gc/cycles/forced:gc-cycles.
go_gc_cycles_total_gc_cycles_total
counter
Count of all completed GC cycles. Sourced from /gc/cycles/total:gc-cycles.
go_gc_duration_seconds
summary
A summary of the wall-time pause (stop-the-world) duration in garbage collection cycles.
go_gc_duration_seconds_count
summary
A summary of the wall-time pause (stop-the-world) duration in garbage collection cycles.
go_gc_duration_seconds_sum
summary
A summary of the wall-time pause (stop-the-world) duration in garbage collection cycles.
go_gc_gogc_percent
gauge
Heap size target percentage configured by the user, otherwise 100. This value is set by the GOGC environment variable, and the runtime/debug.SetGCPercent function. Sourced from /gc/gogc:percent.
go_gc_gomemlimit_bytes
gauge
Go runtime memory limit configured by the user, otherwise math.MaxInt64. This value is set by the GOMEMLIMIT environment variable, and the runtime/debug.SetMemoryLimit function. Sourced from /gc/gomemlimit:bytes.
go_gc_heap_allocs_by_size_bytes_bucket
histogram
Distribution of heap allocations by approximate size. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/allocs-by-size:bytes.
go_gc_heap_allocs_by_size_bytes_count
histogram
Distribution of heap allocations by approximate size. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/allocs-by-size:bytes.
go_gc_heap_allocs_by_size_bytes_sum
histogram
Distribution of heap allocations by approximate size. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/allocs-by-size:bytes.
go_gc_heap_allocs_bytes_total
counter
Cumulative sum of memory allocated to the heap by the application. Sourced from /gc/heap/allocs:bytes.
go_gc_heap_allocs_objects_total
counter
Cumulative count of heap allocations triggered by the application. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/allocs:objects.
go_gc_heap_frees_by_size_bytes_bucket
histogram
Distribution of freed heap allocations by approximate size. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/frees-by-size:bytes.
go_gc_heap_frees_by_size_bytes_count
histogram
Distribution of freed heap allocations by approximate size. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/frees-by-size:bytes.
go_gc_heap_frees_by_size_bytes_sum
histogram
Distribution of freed heap allocations by approximate size. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/frees-by-size:bytes.
go_gc_heap_frees_bytes_total
counter
Cumulative sum of heap memory freed by the garbage collector. Sourced from /gc/heap/frees:bytes.
go_gc_heap_frees_objects_total
counter
Cumulative count of heap allocations whose storage was freed by the garbage collector. Note that this does not include tiny objects as defined by /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects, only tiny blocks. Sourced from /gc/heap/frees:objects.
go_gc_heap_goal_bytes
gauge
Heap size target for the end of the GC cycle. Sourced from /gc/heap/goal:bytes.
go_gc_heap_live_bytes
gauge
Heap memory occupied by live objects that were marked by the previous GC. Sourced from /gc/heap/live:bytes.
go_gc_heap_objects_objects
gauge
Number of objects, live or unswept, occupying heap memory. Sourced from /gc/heap/objects:objects.
go_gc_heap_tiny_allocs_objects_total
counter
Count of small allocations that are packed together into blocks. These allocations are counted separately from other allocations because each individual allocation is not tracked by the runtime, only their block. Each block is already accounted for in allocs-by-size and frees-by-size. Sourced from /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects.
go_gc_limiter_last_enabled_gc_cycle
gauge
GC cycle the last time the GC CPU limiter was enabled. This metric is useful for diagnosing the root cause of an out-of-memory error, because the limiter trades memory for CPU time when the GC's CPU time gets too high. This is most likely to occur with use of SetMemoryLimit. The first GC cycle is cycle 1, so a value of 0 indicates that it was never enabled. Sourced from /gc/limiter/last-enabled:gc-cycle.
go_gc_pauses_seconds_bucket
histogram
Deprecated. Prefer the identical /sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds. Sourced from /gc/pauses:seconds.
go_gc_pauses_seconds_count
histogram
Deprecated. Prefer the identical /sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds. Sourced from /gc/pauses:seconds.
go_gc_pauses_seconds_sum
histogram
Deprecated. Prefer the identical /sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds. Sourced from /gc/pauses:seconds.
go_gc_scan_globals_bytes
gauge
The total amount of global variable space that is scannable. Sourced from /gc/scan/globals:bytes.
go_gc_scan_heap_bytes
gauge
The total amount of heap space that is scannable. Sourced from /gc/scan/heap:bytes.
go_gc_scan_stack_bytes
gauge
The number of bytes of stack that were scanned last GC cycle. Sourced from /gc/scan/stack:bytes.
go_gc_scan_total_bytes
gauge
The total amount space that is scannable. Sum of all metrics in /gc/scan. Sourced from /gc/scan/total:bytes.
go_gc_stack_starting_size_bytes
gauge
The stack size of new goroutines. Sourced from /gc/stack/starting-size:bytes.
go_goroutines
gauge
Number of goroutines that currently exist.
go_info
gauge
Information about the Go environment.
go_memstats_alloc_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes allocated in heap and currently in use. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/objects:bytes.
go_memstats_alloc_bytes_total
counter
Total number of bytes allocated in heap until now, even if released already. Equals to /gc/heap/allocs:bytes.
go_memstats_buck_hash_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes used by the profiling bucket hash table. Equals to /memory/classes/profiling/buckets:bytes.
go_memstats_frees_total
counter
Total number of heap objects frees. Equals to /gc/heap/frees:objects + /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects.
go_memstats_gc_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes used for garbage collection system metadata. Equals to /memory/classes/metadata/other:bytes.
go_memstats_heap_alloc_bytes
gauge
Number of heap bytes allocated and currently in use, same as go_memstats_alloc_bytes. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/objects:bytes.
go_memstats_heap_idle_bytes
gauge
Number of heap bytes waiting to be used. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/released:bytes + /memory/classes/heap/free:bytes.
go_memstats_heap_inuse_bytes
gauge
Number of heap bytes that are in use. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/objects:bytes + /memory/classes/heap/unused:bytes
go_memstats_heap_objects
gauge
Number of currently allocated objects. Equals to /gc/heap/objects:objects.
go_memstats_heap_released_bytes
gauge
Number of heap bytes released to OS. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/released:bytes.
go_memstats_heap_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of heap bytes obtained from system. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/objects:bytes + /memory/classes/heap/unused:bytes + /memory/classes/heap/released:bytes + /memory/classes/heap/free:bytes.
go_memstats_last_gc_time_seconds
gauge
Number of seconds since 1970 of last garbage collection.
go_memstats_mallocs_total
counter
Total number of heap objects allocated, both live and gc-ed. Semantically a counter version for go_memstats_heap_objects gauge. Equals to /gc/heap/allocs:objects + /gc/heap/tiny/allocs:objects.
go_memstats_mcache_inuse_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes in use by mcache structures. Equals to /memory/classes/metadata/mcache/inuse:bytes.
go_memstats_mcache_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes used for mcache structures obtained from system. Equals to /memory/classes/metadata/mcache/inuse:bytes + /memory/classes/metadata/mcache/free:bytes.
go_memstats_mspan_inuse_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes in use by mspan structures. Equals to /memory/classes/metadata/mspan/inuse:bytes.
go_memstats_mspan_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes used for mspan structures obtained from system. Equals to /memory/classes/metadata/mspan/inuse:bytes + /memory/classes/metadata/mspan/free:bytes.
go_memstats_next_gc_bytes
gauge
Number of heap bytes when next garbage collection will take place. Equals to /gc/heap/goal:bytes.
go_memstats_other_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes used for other system allocations. Equals to /memory/classes/other:bytes.
go_memstats_stack_inuse_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes obtained from system for stack allocator in non-CGO environments. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/stacks:bytes.
go_memstats_stack_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes obtained from system for stack allocator. Equals to /memory/classes/heap/stacks:bytes + /memory/classes/os-stacks:bytes.
go_memstats_sys_bytes
gauge
Number of bytes obtained from system. Equals to /memory/classes/total:byte.
go_sched_gomaxprocs_threads
gauge
The current runtime.GOMAXPROCS setting, or the number of operating system threads that can execute user-level Go code simultaneously. Sourced from /sched/gomaxprocs:threads.
go_sched_goroutines_goroutines
gauge
Count of live goroutines. Sourced from /sched/goroutines:goroutines.
go_sched_latencies_seconds_bucket
histogram
Distribution of the time goroutines have spent in the scheduler in a runnable state before actually running. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/latencies:seconds.
go_sched_latencies_seconds_count
histogram
Distribution of the time goroutines have spent in the scheduler in a runnable state before actually running. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/latencies:seconds.
go_sched_latencies_seconds_sum
histogram
Distribution of the time goroutines have spent in the scheduler in a runnable state before actually running. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/latencies:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_stopping_gc_seconds_bucket
histogram
Distribution of individual GC-related stop-the-world stopping latencies. This is the time it takes from deciding to stop the world until all Ps are stopped. This is a subset of the total GC-related stop-the-world time (/sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds). During this time, some threads may be executing. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/stopping/gc:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_stopping_gc_seconds_count
histogram
Distribution of individual GC-related stop-the-world stopping latencies. This is the time it takes from deciding to stop the world until all Ps are stopped. This is a subset of the total GC-related stop-the-world time (/sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds). During this time, some threads may be executing. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/stopping/gc:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_stopping_gc_seconds_sum
histogram
Distribution of individual GC-related stop-the-world stopping latencies. This is the time it takes from deciding to stop the world until all Ps are stopped. This is a subset of the total GC-related stop-the-world time (/sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds). During this time, some threads may be executing. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/stopping/gc:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_stopping_other_seconds_bucket
histogram
Distribution of individual non-GC-related stop-the-world stopping latencies. This is the time it takes from deciding to stop the world until all Ps are stopped. This is a subset of the total non-GC-related stop-the-world time (/sched/pauses/total/other:seconds). During this time, some threads may be executing. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/stopping/other:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_stopping_other_seconds_count
histogram
Distribution of individual non-GC-related stop-the-world stopping latencies. This is the time it takes from deciding to stop the world until all Ps are stopped. This is a subset of the total non-GC-related stop-the-world time (/sched/pauses/total/other:seconds). During this time, some threads may be executing. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/stopping/other:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_stopping_other_seconds_sum
histogram
Distribution of individual non-GC-related stop-the-world stopping latencies. This is the time it takes from deciding to stop the world until all Ps are stopped. This is a subset of the total non-GC-related stop-the-world time (/sched/pauses/total/other:seconds). During this time, some threads may be executing. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/stopping/other:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_total_gc_seconds_bucket
histogram
Distribution of individual GC-related stop-the-world pause latencies. This is the time from deciding to stop the world until the world is started again. Some of this time is spent getting all threads to stop (this is measured directly in /sched/pauses/stopping/gc:seconds), during which some threads may still be running. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_total_gc_seconds_count
histogram
Distribution of individual GC-related stop-the-world pause latencies. This is the time from deciding to stop the world until the world is started again. Some of this time is spent getting all threads to stop (this is measured directly in /sched/pauses/stopping/gc:seconds), during which some threads may still be running. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_total_gc_seconds_sum
histogram
Distribution of individual GC-related stop-the-world pause latencies. This is the time from deciding to stop the world until the world is started again. Some of this time is spent getting all threads to stop (this is measured directly in /sched/pauses/stopping/gc:seconds), during which some threads may still be running. Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/total/gc:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_total_other_seconds_bucket
histogram
Distribution of individual non-GC-related stop-the-world pause latencies. This is the time from deciding to stop the world until the world is started again. Some of this time is spent getting all threads to stop (measured directly in /sched/pauses/stopping/other:seconds). Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/total/other:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_total_other_seconds_count
histogram
Distribution of individual non-GC-related stop-the-world pause latencies. This is the time from deciding to stop the world until the world is started again. Some of this time is spent getting all threads to stop (measured directly in /sched/pauses/stopping/other:seconds). Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/total/other:seconds.
go_sched_pauses_total_other_seconds_sum
histogram
Distribution of individual non-GC-related stop-the-world pause latencies. This is the time from deciding to stop the world until the world is started again. Some of this time is spent getting all threads to stop (measured directly in /sched/pauses/stopping/other:seconds). Bucket counts increase monotonically. Sourced from /sched/pauses/total/other:seconds.
go_sync_mutex_wait_total_seconds_total
counter
Approximate cumulative time goroutines have spent blocked on a sync.Mutex, sync.RWMutex, or runtime-internal lock. This metric is useful for identifying global changes in lock contention. Collect a mutex or block profile using the runtime/pprof package for more detailed contention data. Sourced from /sync/mutex/wait/total:seconds.
go_threads
gauge
Number of OS threads created.
net_conntrack_dialer_conn_attempted_total
counter
Total number of connections attempted by the given dialer a given name.
net_conntrack_dialer_conn_closed_total
counter
Total number of connections closed which originated from the dialer of a given name.
net_conntrack_dialer_conn_established_total
counter
Total number of connections successfully established by the given dialer a given name.
net_conntrack_dialer_conn_failed_total
counter
Total number of connections failed to dial by the dialer a given name.
net_conntrack_listener_conn_accepted_total
counter
Total number of connections opened to the listener of a given name.
net_conntrack_listener_conn_closed_total
counter
Total number of connections closed that were made to the listener of a given name.
process_cpu_seconds_total
counter
Total user and system CPU time spent in seconds.
process_max_fds
gauge
Maximum number of open file descriptors.
process_network_receive_bytes_total
counter
Number of bytes received by the process over the network.
process_network_transmit_bytes_total
counter
Number of bytes sent by the process over the network.
process_open_fds
gauge
Number of open file descriptors.
process_resident_memory_bytes
gauge
Resident memory size in bytes.
process_start_time_seconds
gauge
Start time of the process since unix epoch in seconds.
process_virtual_memory_bytes
gauge
Virtual memory size in bytes.
process_virtual_memory_max_bytes
gauge
Maximum amount of virtual memory available in bytes.
prometheus_api_notification_active_subscribers
gauge
The current number of active notification subscribers.
prometheus_api_notification_updates_dropped_total
counter
Total number of notification updates dropped.
prometheus_api_notification_updates_sent_total
counter
Total number of notification updates sent.
prometheus_build_info
gauge
A metric with a constant '1' value labeled by version, revision, branch, goversion from which prometheus was built, and the goos and goarch for the build.
prometheus_config_last_reload_success_timestamp_seconds
gauge
Timestamp of the last successful configuration reload.
prometheus_config_last_reload_successful
gauge
Whether the last configuration reload attempt was successful.
prometheus_engine_queries
gauge
The current number of queries being executed or waiting.
prometheus_engine_queries_concurrent_max
gauge
The max number of concurrent queries.
prometheus_engine_query_duration_seconds
summary
Query timings
prometheus_engine_query_duration_seconds_count
summary
Query timings
prometheus_engine_query_duration_seconds_sum
summary
Query timings
prometheus_engine_query_log_enabled
gauge
State of the query log.
prometheus_engine_query_log_failures_total
counter
The number of query log failures.
prometheus_engine_query_samples_total
counter
The total number of samples loaded by all queries.
prometheus_http_request_duration_seconds_bucket
histogram
Histogram of latencies for HTTP requests.
prometheus_http_request_duration_seconds_count
histogram
Histogram of latencies for HTTP requests.
prometheus_http_request_duration_seconds_sum
histogram
Histogram of latencies for HTTP requests.
prometheus_http_requests_total
counter
Counter of HTTP requests.
prometheus_http_response_size_bytes_bucket
histogram
Histogram of response size for HTTP requests.
prometheus_http_response_size_bytes_count
histogram
Histogram of response size for HTTP requests.
prometheus_http_response_size_bytes_sum
histogram
Histogram of response size for HTTP requests.
prometheus_notifications_alertmanagers_discovered
gauge
The number of alertmanagers discovered and active.
prometheus_notifications_dropped_total
counter
Total number of alerts dropped due to errors when sending to Alertmanager.
prometheus_notifications_queue_capacity
gauge
The capacity of the alert notifications queue.
prometheus_notifications_queue_length
gauge
The number of alert notifications in the queue.
prometheus_ready
gauge
Whether Prometheus startup was fully completed and the server is ready for normal operation.
prometheus_remote_read_handler_queries
gauge
The current number of remote read queries that are either in execution or queued on the handler.
prometheus_remote_storage_exemplars_in_total
counter
Exemplars in to remote storage, compare to exemplars out for queue managers. Deprecated, check prometheus_wal_watcher_records_read_total and prometheus_remote_storage_exemplars_dropped_total
prometheus_remote_storage_highest_timestamp_in_seconds
gauge
Highest timestamp that has come into the remote storage via the Appender interface, in seconds since epoch. Initialized to 0 when no data has been received yet. Deprecated, check prometheus_remote_storage_queue_highest_timestamp_seconds which is more accurate.
prometheus_remote_storage_histograms_in_total
counter
HistogramSamples in to remote storage, compare to histograms out for queue managers. Deprecated, check prometheus_wal_watcher_records_read_total and prometheus_remote_storage_histograms_dropped_total
prometheus_remote_storage_samples_in_total
counter
Samples in to remote storage, compare to samples out for queue managers. Deprecated, check prometheus_wal_watcher_records_read_total and prometheus_remote_storage_samples_dropped_total
prometheus_remote_storage_string_interner_zero_reference_releases_total
counter
The number of times release has been called for strings that are not interned.
prometheus_rule_evaluation_duration_seconds
summary
The duration for a rule to execute.
prometheus_rule_evaluation_duration_seconds_count
summary
The duration for a rule to execute.
prometheus_rule_evaluation_duration_seconds_sum
summary
The duration for a rule to execute.
prometheus_rule_group_duration_seconds
summary
The duration of rule group evaluations.
prometheus_rule_group_duration_seconds_count
summary
The duration of rule group evaluations.
prometheus_rule_group_duration_seconds_sum
summary
The duration of rule group evaluations.
prometheus_sd_azure_cache_hit_total
counter
Number of cache hit during refresh.
prometheus_sd_azure_failures_total
counter
Number of Azure service discovery refresh failures.
prometheus_sd_consul_rpc_duration_seconds
summary
The duration of a Consul RPC call in seconds.
prometheus_sd_consul_rpc_duration_seconds_count
summary
The duration of a Consul RPC call in seconds.
prometheus_sd_consul_rpc_duration_seconds_sum
summary
The duration of a Consul RPC call in seconds.
prometheus_sd_consul_rpc_failures_total
counter
The number of Consul RPC call failures.
prometheus_sd_discovered_targets
gauge
Current number of discovered targets.
prometheus_sd_dns_lookup_failures_total
counter
The number of DNS-SD lookup failures.
prometheus_sd_dns_lookups_total
counter
The number of DNS-SD lookups.
prometheus_sd_failed_configs
gauge
Current number of service discovery configurations that failed to load.
prometheus_sd_file_read_errors_total
counter
The number of File-SD read errors.
prometheus_sd_file_scan_duration_seconds
summary
The duration of the File-SD scan in seconds.
prometheus_sd_file_scan_duration_seconds_count
summary
The duration of the File-SD scan in seconds.
prometheus_sd_file_scan_duration_seconds_sum
summary
The duration of the File-SD scan in seconds.
prometheus_sd_file_watcher_errors_total
counter
The number of File-SD errors caused by filesystem watch failures.
prometheus_sd_http_failures_total
counter
Number of HTTP service discovery refresh failures.
prometheus_sd_kubernetes_events_total
counter
The number of Kubernetes events handled.
prometheus_sd_kubernetes_failures_total
counter
The number of failed WATCH/LIST requests.
prometheus_sd_kuma_fetch_duration_seconds
summary
The duration of a Kuma MADS fetch call.
prometheus_sd_kuma_fetch_duration_seconds_count
summary
The duration of a Kuma MADS fetch call.
prometheus_sd_kuma_fetch_duration_seconds_sum
summary
The duration of a Kuma MADS fetch call.
prometheus_sd_kuma_fetch_failures_total
counter
The number of Kuma MADS fetch call failures.
prometheus_sd_kuma_fetch_skipped_updates_total
counter
The number of Kuma MADS fetch calls that result in no updates to the targets.
prometheus_sd_linode_failures_total
counter
Number of Linode service discovery refresh failures.
prometheus_sd_nomad_failures_total
counter
Number of nomad service discovery refresh failures.
prometheus_sd_received_updates_total
counter
Total number of update events received from the SD providers.
prometheus_sd_updates_delayed_total
counter
Total number of update events that couldn't be sent immediately.
prometheus_sd_updates_total
counter
Total number of update events sent to the SD consumers.
prometheus_target_interval_length_seconds
summary
Actual intervals between scrapes.
prometheus_target_interval_length_seconds_count
summary
Actual intervals between scrapes.
prometheus_target_interval_length_seconds_sum
summary
Actual intervals between scrapes.
prometheus_target_metadata_cache_bytes
gauge
The number of bytes that are currently used for storing metric metadata in the cache
prometheus_target_metadata_cache_entries
gauge
Total number of metric metadata entries in the cache
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_exceeded_label_limits_total
counter
Total number of times scrape pools hit the label limits, during sync or config reload.
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_exceeded_target_limit_total
counter
Total number of times scrape pools hit the target limit, during sync or config reload.
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_reloads_failed_total
counter
Total number of failed scrape pool reloads.
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_reloads_total
counter
Total number of scrape pool reloads.
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_symboltable_items
gauge
Current number of symbols in table for this scrape pool.
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_sync_total
counter
Total number of syncs that were executed on a scrape pool.
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_target_limit
gauge
Maximum number of targets allowed in this scrape pool.
prometheus_target_scrape_pool_targets
gauge
Current number of targets in this scrape pool.
prometheus_target_scrape_pools_failed_total
counter
Total number of scrape pool creations that failed.
prometheus_target_scrape_pools_total
counter
Total number of scrape pool creation attempts.
prometheus_target_scrapes_cache_flush_forced_total
counter
How many times a scrape cache was flushed due to getting big while scrapes are failing.
prometheus_target_scrapes_exceeded_body_size_limit_total
counter
Total number of scrapes that hit the body size limit
prometheus_target_scrapes_exceeded_native_histogram_bucket_limit_total
counter
Total number of scrapes that hit the native histogram bucket limit and were rejected.
prometheus_target_scrapes_exceeded_sample_limit_total
counter
Total number of scrapes that hit the sample limit and were rejected.
prometheus_target_scrapes_exemplar_out_of_order_total
counter
Total number of exemplar rejected due to not being out of the expected order.
prometheus_target_scrapes_sample_duplicate_timestamp_total
counter
Total number of samples rejected due to duplicate timestamps but different values.
prometheus_target_scrapes_sample_out_of_bounds_total
counter
Total number of samples rejected due to timestamp falling outside of the time bounds.
prometheus_target_scrapes_sample_out_of_order_total
counter
Total number of samples rejected due to not being out of the expected order.
prometheus_target_sync_failed_total
counter
Total number of target sync failures.
prometheus_target_sync_length_seconds
summary
Actual interval to sync the scrape pool.
prometheus_target_sync_length_seconds_count
summary
Actual interval to sync the scrape pool.
prometheus_target_sync_length_seconds_sum
summary
Actual interval to sync the scrape pool.
prometheus_template_text_expansion_failures_total
counter
The total number of template text expansion failures.
prometheus_template_text_expansions_total
counter
The total number of template text expansions.
prometheus_treecache_watcher_goroutines
gauge
The current number of watcher goroutines.
prometheus_treecache_zookeeper_failures_total
counter
The total number of ZooKeeper failures.
prometheus_tsdb_blocks_loaded
gauge
Number of currently loaded data blocks
prometheus_tsdb_checkpoint_creations_failed_total
counter
Total number of checkpoint creations that failed.
prometheus_tsdb_checkpoint_creations_total
counter
Total number of checkpoint creations attempted.
prometheus_tsdb_checkpoint_deletions_failed_total
counter
Total number of checkpoint deletions that failed.
prometheus_tsdb_checkpoint_deletions_total
counter
Total number of checkpoint deletions attempted.
prometheus_tsdb_clean_start
gauge
-1: lockfile is disabled. 0: a lockfile from a previous execution was replaced. 1: lockfile creation was clean
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_range_seconds_bucket
histogram
Final time range of chunks on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_range_seconds_count
histogram
Final time range of chunks on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_range_seconds_sum
histogram
Final time range of chunks on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_samples_bucket
histogram
Final number of samples on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_samples_count
histogram
Final number of samples on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_samples_sum
histogram
Final number of samples on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_size_bytes_bucket
histogram
Final size of chunks on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_size_bytes_count
histogram
Final size of chunks on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_chunk_size_bytes_sum
histogram
Final size of chunks on their first compaction
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_duration_seconds_bucket
histogram
Duration of compaction runs
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_duration_seconds_count
histogram
Duration of compaction runs
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_duration_seconds_sum
histogram
Duration of compaction runs
prometheus_tsdb_compaction_populating_block
gauge
Set to 1 when a block is currently being written to the disk.
prometheus_tsdb_compactions_failed_total
counter
Total number of compactions that failed for the partition.
prometheus_tsdb_compactions_skipped_total
counter
Total number of skipped compactions due to disabled auto compaction.
prometheus_tsdb_compactions_total
counter
Total number of compactions that were executed for the partition.
prometheus_tsdb_compactions_triggered_total
counter
Total number of triggered compactions for the partition.
prometheus_tsdb_data_replay_duration_seconds
gauge
Time taken to replay the data on disk.
prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_exemplars_appended_total
counter
Total number of appended exemplars.
prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_exemplars_in_storage
gauge
Number of exemplars currently in circular storage.
prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_last_exemplars_timestamp_seconds
gauge
The timestamp of the oldest exemplar stored in circular storage. Useful to check for what timerange the current exemplar buffer limit allows. This usually means the last timestampfor all exemplars for a typical setup. This is not true though if one of the series timestamp is in future compared to rest series.
prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_max_exemplars
gauge
Total number of exemplars the exemplar storage can store, resizeable.
prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_out_of_order_exemplars_total
counter
Total number of out of order exemplar ingestion failed attempts.
prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_series_with_exemplars_in_storage
gauge
Number of series with exemplars currently in circular storage.
prometheus_tsdb_head_active_appenders
gauge
Number of currently active appender transactions
prometheus_tsdb_head_chunks
gauge
Total number of chunks in the head block.
prometheus_tsdb_head_chunks_created_total
counter
Total number of chunks created in the head
prometheus_tsdb_head_chunks_removed_total
counter
Total number of chunks removed in the head
prometheus_tsdb_head_chunks_storage_size_bytes
gauge
Size of the chunks_head directory.
prometheus_tsdb_head_gc_duration_seconds_count
summary
Runtime of garbage collection in the head block.
prometheus_tsdb_head_gc_duration_seconds_sum
summary
Runtime of garbage collection in the head block.
prometheus_tsdb_head_max_time
gauge
Maximum timestamp of the head block. The unit is decided by the library consumer.
prometheus_tsdb_head_max_time_seconds
gauge
Maximum timestamp of the head block.
prometheus_tsdb_head_min_time
gauge
Minimum time bound of the head block. The unit is decided by the library consumer.
prometheus_tsdb_head_min_time_seconds
gauge
Minimum time bound of the head block.
prometheus_tsdb_head_out_of_order_samples_appended_total
counter
Total number of appended out of order samples.
prometheus_tsdb_head_samples_appended_total
counter
Total number of appended samples.
prometheus_tsdb_head_series
gauge
Total number of series in the head block.
prometheus_tsdb_head_series_created_total
counter
Total number of series created in the head
prometheus_tsdb_head_series_not_found_total
counter
Total number of requests for series that were not found.
prometheus_tsdb_head_series_removed_total
counter
Total number of series removed in the head
prometheus_tsdb_head_stale_series
gauge
Total number of stale series in the head block.
prometheus_tsdb_head_truncations_failed_total
counter
Total number of head truncations that failed.
prometheus_tsdb_head_truncations_total
counter
Total number of head truncations attempted.
prometheus_tsdb_isolation_high_watermark
gauge
The highest TSDB append ID that has been given out.
prometheus_tsdb_isolation_low_watermark
gauge
The lowest TSDB append ID that is still referenced.
prometheus_tsdb_lowest_timestamp
gauge
Lowest timestamp value stored in the database. The unit is decided by the library consumer.
prometheus_tsdb_lowest_timestamp_seconds
gauge
Lowest timestamp value stored in the database.
prometheus_tsdb_mmap_chunk_corruptions_total
counter
Total number of memory-mapped chunk corruptions.
prometheus_tsdb_mmap_chunks_total
counter
Total number of chunks that were memory-mapped.
prometheus_tsdb_out_of_bound_samples_total
counter
Total number of out of bound samples ingestion failed attempts with out of order support disabled.
prometheus_tsdb_out_of_order_samples_total
counter
Total number of out of order samples ingestion failed attempts due to out of order being disabled.
prometheus_tsdb_reloads_failures_total
counter
Number of times the database failed to reloadBlocks block data from disk.
prometheus_tsdb_reloads_total
counter
Number of times the database reloaded block data from disk.
prometheus_tsdb_retention_limit_bytes
gauge
Max number of bytes to be retained in the tsdb blocks, configured 0 means disabled
prometheus_tsdb_retention_limit_seconds
gauge
How long to retain samples in storage.
prometheus_tsdb_size_retentions_total
counter
The number of times that blocks were deleted because the maximum number of bytes was exceeded.
prometheus_tsdb_snapshot_replay_error_total
counter
Total number snapshot replays that failed.
prometheus_tsdb_storage_blocks_bytes
gauge
The number of bytes that are currently used for local storage by all blocks.
prometheus_tsdb_symbol_table_size_bytes
gauge
Size of symbol table in memory for loaded blocks
prometheus_tsdb_time_retentions_total
counter
The number of times that blocks were deleted because the maximum time limit was exceeded.
prometheus_tsdb_tombstone_cleanup_seconds_bucket
histogram
The time taken to recompact blocks to remove tombstones.
prometheus_tsdb_tombstone_cleanup_seconds_count
histogram
The time taken to recompact blocks to remove tombstones.
prometheus_tsdb_tombstone_cleanup_seconds_sum
histogram
The time taken to recompact blocks to remove tombstones.
prometheus_tsdb_too_old_samples_total
counter
Total number of out of order samples ingestion failed attempts with out of support enabled, but sample outside of time window.
prometheus_tsdb_vertical_compactions_total
counter
Total number of compactions done on overlapping blocks.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_completed_pages_total
counter
Total number of completed pages.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_corruptions_total
counter
Total number of WAL corruptions.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_fsync_duration_seconds
summary
Duration of write log fsync.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_fsync_duration_seconds_count
summary
Duration of write log fsync.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_fsync_duration_seconds_sum
summary
Duration of write log fsync.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_page_flushes_total
counter
Total number of page flushes.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_record_bytes_saved_total
counter
Total number of bytes saved by the optional record compression. Use this metric to learn about the effectiveness compression.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_record_part_writes_total
counter
Total number of record parts written before flushing.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_record_parts_bytes_written_total
counter
Total number of record part bytes written before flushing, including CRC and compression headers.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_segment_current
gauge
Write log segment index that TSDB is currently writing to.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_storage_size_bytes
gauge
Size of the write log directory.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_truncate_duration_seconds_count
summary
Duration of WAL truncation.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_truncate_duration_seconds_sum
summary
Duration of WAL truncation.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_truncations_failed_total
counter
Total number of write log truncations that failed.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_truncations_total
counter
Total number of write log truncations attempted.
prometheus_tsdb_wal_writes_failed_total
counter
Total number of write log writes that failed.
prometheus_web_federation_errors_total
counter
Total number of errors that occurred while sending federation responses.
prometheus_web_federation_warnings_total
counter
Total number of warnings that occurred while sending federation responses.
promhttp_metric_handler_requests_in_flight
gauge
Current number of scrapes being served.
promhttp_metric_handler_requests_total
counter
Total number of scrapes by HTTP status code.
scrape_duration_seconds
unknown
unknown
scrape_samples_post_metric_relabeling
unknown
unknown
scrape_samples_scraped
unknown
unknown
scrape_series_added
unknown
unknown
up
unknown
unknown